# Simple Example #

## Introduction ##
In this example, we are going integrate the Software Updater into [Sweet Home 3D](http://www.sweethome3d.com) and make a patch from version 3.2 to 3.3.

## Video ##
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfLkDaTIkQs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfLkDaTIkQs)

##Preparation##
 1. Download the software updater from [here](https://github.com/cws1989/software-updater/releases)

##Integrate the updater to the software##
 1. Open the software's root folder.
 1. Copy *Launcher.jar* and *PatchDownloader.jar* into it.
 1. Create a new folder named *update* and a file named [client.xml](https://github.com/cws1989/software-updater/blob/master/wiki/ClientSettings.md)
 1. Put the following content into [client.xml](https://github.com/cws1989/software-updater/blob/master/wiki/ClientSettings.md).
```
<root>
  <version>{software version}</version>
  <storage-path>update/</storage-path>
  <launch>
    <type>command</type>
    <command>{path to executable}</command>
  </launch>
  <catalog>
    <url>{HTTP URL to the catalog}</url>
  </catalog>
</root>
```
 1. Execute the *Launcher.jar* to see if it can launch your software correctly or not.

### Common Questions ###
 * [AdvancedTutorial#How_do_I_launch_jar_instead_of_executable? How do I launch jar instead of executable?]
 * [AdvancedTutorial#How_do_I_use_it_with_Java_executable_wrapper_(launch4j,_JSmooth How do I use it with Java executable wrapper launch4j, JSmooth etc.)?]

## Create patches ##
 1. Move the [client.xml](https://github.com/cws1989/software-updater/blob/master/wiki/ClientSettings.md) out from the software folder first, see [AdvancedTutorial#What_kind_of_files_should_not_be_included_in_the_patch? here] for reason.
 1. Find the build.jar and execute 
```
java -jar build.jar -patch $oldVersionFolder $newVersionFolder --from $currentVersionNumber --to $newVersionNumber --output upgrade.patch
```
 1. Get the SHA256 checksum of the file: 
```
java -jar build.jar -sha256 upgrade.patch -o checksum.txt
```
 1. Create a file named [PatchesCatalog catalog.xml] and put the following content into it:
```
<patches>
  <patch id="1">
    <version>
      <from>{old version number}</from>
      <to>{new version number}</to>
    </version>
    <download>
      <url>{HTTP URL to the patch}</url>
      <checksum>{checksum of the patch from checksum.txt}</checksum>
      <length>{size of the patch (in byte)}</length>
    </download>
  </patch>
</patches>
```
 1. Upload the [PatchesCatalog catalog.xml] and *upgrade.patch* to your web hosting.

### Common Questions ###
 * [AdvancedTutorial#How_do_I_add_more_patches_for_other_versions? How do I add more patches for other versions?]

## Client update the software ##
 1. Execute the *PatchDownloader.jar* to download the patch.
 1. After the downloads completed, execute the *Launcher.jar* to update and launch the software.

### Common Questions ###
 * [AdvancedTutorial#I_don't_want_the_client_to_launch_the_downloader_manually, I don't want the client to launch the downloader manually, how do I integrate it into the software?]
